Hi Daron, Adam, Dominic and Aaron! Since the end of the show I have some unanswered questions and I really hope you could solve my doubts.
​
1) First, some Toffee-related ones. How Toffee knew about the Whispering Spell and its effects, considering not even Moon knew (she was desperate when Star performed it in Battle of Mewni, so I assumed she thought it was just a self-destruction spell)? He studied some books, but these things don't seem the kind of stuff that would be in them, considering they weren't even in the Book of Spells. How was Toffee able to be in the Realm of Magic without losing his mind AND meanwhile corrupting the magic? Why Toffee had skulls with cheekmarks of Eclipsa on his shoulders during Battle of Mewni? Was he the one who killed Solaria? Which were even the details of his plan, since they were never entirely clear? 
2) Was the original plan for the show to have another season? Because some plot points and arcs from this last one seem kinda rushed, abruptly introduced or not going practically anywhere. Some examples: Globgor (who everyone expected to have a big role, but at the end he did almost nothing and wasn't explored that much as a character), Kelly and Marco relationship (introduced and then ended off screen in a couple of episodes, with no actual reasons revealed for its end and no development for the characters involved in it), Star and Marco getting together (one day she's with the Tom, they break up and the next day she claims Marco as her boyfriend), the destruction of magic (practically introduced as a concept in the second to last episode, and then carried out with almost no hitches in the last episode), Marco's wound in the finale (he's stabbed and then he's fine, making the scene not much useful)...
3) Why and how the painting of Alphonse the Worthy, Eclipsa's father, talked to Marco in the Blood Moon Ball episode? And about the Blood Moon, was it originally designed as a blessing by you authors, instead of a curse like it ended out to be? 
4) What about Seth of Septarsis? Considering his role in the Book of Spells, literally everyone was expecting to see him in the last season.
5) Were we originally supposed to have some more information about Celena the Shy? She's the only queen from "Into the Wand" we don't really find out anything more about, and not even the Book was able to give her much more background and deepening. Some people were expecting one of her spells to have a role in the finale, since it contains the word "cleave" and it is about a broken friendship.
6) Were there plans to make the Monster Arm return? In season 1 finale there was a tiny flashback that seemed like a foreshadowing, and he was mentioned again in season 3 finale.
7) What was the symbolism of the hall in Saint Olga, from the season 1 episode? The painting represented Globgor's army, as we find out in season 4, but why was it there in the first place? And what about the moon, the star and the sun on the floor? When they were shown they seemed important.
8) There are many discussions about this, so let's make it clear. Which creatures and which not survived to the destruction of magic? In the finale we see that the unicorns from the Realm of Magic and the Magic High Commission, along with probably Glossaryck, didn't, while you confirmed the Laser Puppies are alive but not lasery anymore. What about the spells? They were created by magic and are practically embodiements of magic. Are they...?